I'm excited to see you, Mark Koulash is with us, he is a market intelligence analyst and
IT specialist, but he has used all these qualities for investigating what's been going on in
the last three and a half years, almost four years now, and even longer, because you also
took a look into the past. So maybe could you introduce yourself a bit further so our audience
knows who you are. And by the way, you work closely with Jonathan Kui, who we had with us
in another session and who had very interesting things to tell.
Thank you for very much for having me on, having me on as the audio satisfactory.
Yes, it's very, it's very good. Very good. Thank you. So an introduction, my name is Mark
Koolak. It's actually a Polish name. But within the United States, as name is shipped around so
much, I'm actually more German, not Polish at all. So unfortunately, I wish I could
converse with the audience here in German. But I've let some of my forefathers down by not
having German in my back pocket in my suite of languages. But I worked in the how to say the
computer industry, the big tech industry for about 22 to 23 years. I have a degree in computer
engineering. And I worked predominantly in digital data storage for very large companies back
Dell computer systems, EMC, which Dell acquired NetApp. And and several others. And I moved in my
career as an engineer towards, towards eventually working as a technical trainer. And then as a
sales engineer, and then eventually in product marketing and something called competitive
intelligence, which sounds like it's a spy agency. But in reality, it's just understanding what
a company's competitors are doing, and then helping develop sales literature and maybe make, you
know, product roadmap decisions upon that. Having been an engineer, I tended to approach things
in a pretty technical angle. So I live in the United States, so you can tell I'm a lifelong
American. I live near between New York City and Boston, up in that northeastern part of the
United States. And I've never really been someone who was very politically active or, you know,
digging in on the issues of the day, if you will. But over the last 10 years, you know, my family
as fortune would have it, had an encounter with drug addiction, which is a very big issue in the
United States, and something I will talk more about throughout our show here, as well as
something called Lyme disease or tick or arthropod born diseases, which are also very much on the
rise in the United States. And my wife had some Lyme disease, which was chronic in the doctors. This
is several years ago right now, eight, 10 years ago, simply did not want to acknowledge that her
condition was real. So we had to find a doctor that would make, you know, antibiotics and other,
how would you say, just come up with a strategy to help deal with that. So these things took me
from someone who was sort of mining in those business, man, you know, doing the family thing
and the career thing to why are these challenges being unaddressed? Why are they not even spoken
about? And then I started to do more online research in my spare time. One thing led to the
next, and it became to the point where I couldn't ethically continue my job anymore, because I was
just spending so much time doing this online research. And I decided to do it full time in 2019. And
then the pandemic happens. So I don't come at this. I'm, I'm very comfortable. I just don't think
there's any value in trying to pretend to be something I'm not I'm not a molecular biologist. I'm
not an immunologist. I was the lead competitive intelligence analyst for Dell Corporation for
reverse engineering data storage systems that cost a million dollars or more. So I am from the
corporate world, and I am very disciplined and regimented in my work. But that's what led me here.
And yes, Jonathan Cooey who several it's amazing. I've been dealing with this. And you might have
seen this as well. All of these, this whole area, this, this arena of combat of different influencers
and ideas, and smaller parts of the story and narrative control. And it's taken me, I will
years to really understand how all of this works. I was very naive early in the pandemic. I would
even say that early in the pandemic, I was quite taken and fooled into participating in the wrong
argument. And that was how to say promoting the idea of, Oh, there must have been a laboratory
really, there must have been a gain of function element to this. And although there's no reason to
discount anything, I've come to the realization that that's the wrong argument to have. And I was
tricked into it. Perhaps I was predisposed because of my own personal experiences. But anyways,
I have several topics I can address. And I, of course, I can happy to do a Q&A. But that's my
background. Yeah, so the question is, would you like to give us like an overview of what you
think that this pandemic has been about? And what's what has led up to it? I don't know if this is
what you would like to do. I mean, with regards to these, these drug addiction, I don't know,
maybe you are addressing the dystopian scandals also, because that is that is really quite,
quite interesting that it was like in hidden in a painkiller, basically. And a lot of people got
addicted to that. And actually, I, you know, I had a personal experience because a friend of mine,
they were they had moved to America. And the husband of my friend went to the dentist. And after he
had, I think they took out a tooth or so. And then he got this painkiller. And then the person said
to him, the doctor, yeah, if you have pain, if you suffer from pain later on, just take it,
no problem. It's an, you know, an easy product or something like that. And luckily, he didn't take
it. Because later on, he looked at it and it turned out to be this like super highly addictive,
herring kind of style product that maybe would have changed this is all path in life. Yeah,
it's super dangerous. And it's very strange that this product has been admitted to the market at all.
And then it was also, I think, even allowed, it got some some, you know, it was I think it's
also applicable to to children now. Or was that some point?
Well, thank you for sharing that experience. That is actually a very common route of painkiller
addiction. First off, let me just clarify. And I think most people know this, but somehow we
forget about it because of all the pollution from the media. Nobody wants to be a drug addict.
Nobody, although I know Hollywood sometimes make it looks, you know, kind of rebellious and cool.
Nobody wants to wind up living on a street, unable to support themselves and doing horrible things
in order to support their habit. So there is, there's this misunderstanding. It's a result of
laziness or or hedonism or something. It just isn't. Okay. And although there are an abundance of
videos available, some cities of the United States of drug of drug addicts, all of those people are
someone else's children. As as horrifying as their appearance may have become, and even the parents
would agree, they're all kids from someone else anyways. So this is, it sounds like it's
like a different topic. Okay. But if I may, I'll talk about the history of this a little bit.
It's totally relevant, the history of course. But before we get into addressing that, why is it
so specifically relevant to COVID? Well, every nation has had a different experience in the pandemic.
In the United States, it has been said oftentimes that we've had approximately one million excess
deaths. Excess death is a very complicated number. It means more people died than were
projected to die. It doesn't mean more people died in the previous year. And then of course,
well, how do you come up with that projection? Because if the projection is accurate enough,
there will never be excess mortality. So it's a, it's a, it's a difficult measure.
Nonetheless, more people did die quite a few over the last four or five years, four years at least.
And in the United States, the total number of deaths from 2019 to 2023 of a drug overdose,
and most of these were opioids or painkillers, was is over 500,000 right now, it's over half a
million, which is a very big number for a country of 330 million people. In fact, for the year 2023,
one out of every 30 people who died, period was a drug overdose, all ages, all reasons,
yet it will not get the appropriate media attention. Now, there's always going to be reasons
drug overdoses, accidents, there's so many causes. But to get a historical perspective,
in the year 2000, the number of people that were dying in the United States per year of a drug
overdose was about 22,000. Last year, it was 113,000.
How is that possibly not something taken into account with respect to the excess number of
people dying? And most of those people are under the age of 45. So it has an enormous impact on
life expectancy calculations. And in the United States, it has been highlighted that life expectancy
has been going down dot, dot, dot, because of the pandemic. However, most of the people who promote
the or highlight how bad the pandemic was, whether it's from a cave or from a laboratory
refused to mention this. Now, I was already predisposed to thinking about this several years ago, because
of matter of fact, I myself became addicted at one point after I had a back operation.
Fortunately, I did not turn into a long term thing. And then in 2022, we lost our son to a drug overdose
in April. So the two year anniversary is coming up. And right now, my wife and I, we are full-time
grandparents were raising our granddaughter. That was only five months old at the time that he died.
So this is happening. This is, this is, I know this word is overused these days, but this is
truly an epidemic. There are massive Facebook groups of thousands of grandparents right now
raising multiple kids. And no one talks about this because because it would take, it would change
how people think of the data of the pandemic. Perhaps many people have heard that in the United
States, starting in 2020, there were a multitude of deaths which were reclassified as being COVID.
So if someone, an elderly person dies of the flu, it's unfortunate as it is, we all wind up there.
Hopefully at a very big number. But those deaths which were
happen every year, because people reach the end of their life. Some of those were reclassified
as having been COVID deaths. Now I disagree with that strategy, but that's what was done.
Calling one type of death, another type of death does not, in and of itself, cause any excess deaths.
You can call shark attacks, people falling off of ladders and car accidents COVID deaths.
That doesn't actually itself kill anyone. So in the United States, as all of these other causes of
death, were called COVID, we had more people dying. And the very, very simple analysis,
which we are told to accept is that because more people died and because we've had more COVID deaths,
therefore all the COVID deaths must be new and excess deaths. And that's it.
And Jonathan Cooe does a fantastic job. I'm so thankful he brings this up. When we had all of
these excess people dying of drug overdoses, well, where did that fit in? If you look back,
if you use the 2000 number, and if you have, let's just say 300,000 excess deaths from drug
overdoses, how is that not factored in? And the point is that they don't want you to factor that
in, whether it be Anthony Fauci or the World Health Organization, or the so-called truth and expose
whatever movement, the medical movement, they will not allow you, at least with the US, they
mention this because it will change how you view this. So we have undoubtedly had an excess
number of people dying. We've undoubtedly have had more younger people dying. These are unquestionable,
but why? Now note, I made no statement that there's no pandemic. It is impossible for me to ever
prove that there isn't a leaf or rock somewhere that's hiding the SARS-O virus. It's impossible to
ever make a statement that nobody died of a new virus. So I don't entertain that.
What I do say, though, is that when looking at all of the new reasons why people have died,
including a massive surge in drug overdose deaths, of course, hospital protocols, denying people
access to antibiotics because they had a viral pneumonia, viral, whatever, have all killed excess
people. And when you factor all of these things out, you're just not left with a million people
that could have possibly died of COVID. So why is the entire conversation about is there COVID or
not? It's the wrong argument to have. Historically, and I'll just go down the historical path a
little bit, and then we can see where we are.
Sometime in the late 1990s, synthetic opioids were introduced to the market of the United States
by a company called Purdue Pharma. And I mean, painkillers have been around forever.
They are a wonderful tool. Imagine how many people have had horrible injuries,
unfortunately from war, car accidents or whatever, that surgeries have been able because of painkillers,
morphine and heroin, so on, are wonderful tools. They have a place they're not evil. They can be
misused. The natural medicines, although addictive, are not nearly as addictive as the synthetic,
the heavily processed ones and things like OxyContin are extraordinarily addictive.
I don't care how strong your faith is. It is they cause chemical damage to your system
that will make you simply want more of them. And although they can be used responsibly,
they need to be respected. Just like using a sushi knife, you can't just
slice and things up in your kitchen. You have to respect that blade. It's not the blade in
of itself, though, it's bad. Anyways, so the number of prescriptions and uses of these drugs
have just gone up and up and up. And starting around 1999, 2000, and very slowly, the number of
people who are dying of drug overdoses crept from 20,000 a year, in the year 2000, all the way up
to 113,000 are record year in 2023. These has an enormous impact on life expectancy.
Of course, it's going to have a major impact in demographics of the United States.
And I believe this data has been misused to fuel, as part, in part, the pandemic narrative.
And although it seems how could they possibly be related? These things seem different. Maybe
it's just a coincidence. Okay, I will offer you this. The Purdue pharma, which is recently no
longer open. Other companies are making those drugs, so they've been sued. The family that
created that was a family called the Sackler family, S-A-C-K L-E-R. And you can read a lot
about the Sackler family. When the patriarch of that family died, Raymond Sackler,
if you look at the people who were his best friends and speaking at the funeral, one of them was,
first one was Joshua Laderberg, who was perhaps America's foremost person with respect to history
on the development of biological weapons. He coined the phrase microbiome and emerging
diseases, Joshua Laderberg did. He passed in 2007 to 2008, I think. And the other one was a
Dr. Phil Sharp of MIT, who stars student Melissa Moore as the Chief Science Officer of Moderna.
So I openly speculate about the possibility that some of this transition to synthetic opioids,
an engineered epidemic, epidemic of killing people with drugs, was perhaps allowed because
to transition to this new era of genomics, big data analytics, gene therapy, and so on,
there needed to be a pandemic. And if you listen to the scientist talk that the greatest accomplishment
since the wheel has been gene therapy, why wouldn't they consider the possibility of killing a few
hundred thousand people to create the data for a pandemic to get us there? I have no trouble
doing that. So I've just tied several things together. I don't have proof, but I'm the fact
that there is this unwillingness, even in the truth movement, to talk about this, I think is
evidence that it is relevant. It is relevant. But I think it's evidence that there's multiple
parties involved in hiding the role and impact of this drug epidemic in the United States.
Can I ask you, the way this drug is structured, could it be also produced in a way so that it's
not that addictive, but still has the same results, that it really takes away your pain and so on.
But this seems to go further. It's not only pain killing, but as you said, it makes you
agree for more. But has anyone ever looked at the structure of this specific drug,
so that it creates this need to have more of it?
Well, long-term opioid use of any type, natural or not, is definitely going to
lead to a less effective economy at the very least. However, history has shown that the,
for example, the morphine and heroin used in previous wars, World War II, Vietnam,
well, it definitely led to addictions. Many troops, many US servicemen who went to Vietnam War,
who had trouble with heroin addictions coming back, were able to quit.
The success rate of quitting addiction to these synthetics is very different.
I can't chemically describe it, but from what I've been able to study about addiction overall,
is that these neurological pathways, believe it or not, are actually very similar
across a wide variety of addictions, whether it be pornography or gambling or even opioids.
Once the brain no longer develops this pathway of illogically going back and producing the same
behavior, even though it has no beneficial results whatsoever, it's interesting. It's like what
are finding a way through a dam, no matter how much caulking you put into the hole,
the water just keeps wanting to go through it. These synthetic opioids just burst open these
paths, and it's very, very difficult to get back. What tends to happen is that the things like
oxycontin are highly addictive, but eventually, as the addiction gets worse, people want more.
There are more and more powerful versions of these opiates. One is called fentanyl. I'm sure you've
heard of it, which is extremely powerful and also very little is required to cause a fatal overdose.
Another one is called cart fentanyl, which is even more powerful. That's actually used as a
tranquilizer for elephants. This stuff is relatively abundantly available. It's used in hospice.
It is used by veterinarians or animals, so it's not as if it's impossible to find. I know
it's often mischaracterized in the United States as a foreign, as an international border issue.
While that is an element of it, you'd be surprised to find that many families that have direct
interactions with this stuff and knowledge will actually encourage people to not think about it
solely as a border issue. For adults or for anyone who becomes addicted, if you,
since it's very difficult to get actual oxycontin after your prescription runs out,
what will happen is you can find the even more concentrated stuff available,
usually very inexpensively on the street, outside of a doctor for less and less money.
Another issue is that this fentanyl, because it's relatively cheap and abundant,
there are parties within the United States that have produced artificial prescription pills,
such as Xanax or other things which people would prescribe for other neurological conditions,
et cetera, depression. They will make these things in their garage with a very simple
press with the powders, they'll press it in, and then these bags of pills will pop up,
and sometimes kids will do something stupid to go to a party. They go, oh, here's this type of pill.
I saw this on a movie somewhere. Let's take a few and be stupid kids, and there have actually
been overdoses of children in the United States that weren't addicts at all. They simply didn't,
I mean, kids do stupid things, right? Unfortunately, I never quite did that as a kid. I did other
stupid things though, but these risks exist, and although I am not the person who's going to give
you the solutions to this stuff, I know that the very first part of any solution is public awareness,
public acknowledgement of how big the role is, public acknowledgement of how this stuff finds
its way to people, acknowledgement of how severe and quick the addictions can start as little as
two to three days of use of some of these prescriptions, and that's the very first step. Long-term,
it's very complicated. I know there's weaker families within the United States. There's all
these other chemicals which are being bombarded with, and I'm not saying that it's someone else's
problem. We actually, it's all of our problems in a way, but nothing changes without the very
least recognition of the threat. And again, I believe that public discussion of this is being
discouraged because it dares to impact the interpretation of the data that is being seen
regarding the COVID-19 pandemic. I think it is a big part of it, not all of it,
but in this, how are you saying, a component that cannot be ignored responsibly?
And do you know what I find interesting? I mean, here you see the same pattern as with the
the vaccine, so-called vaccination. You have a basically a very dangerous product in the market,
and instead of taking it off the market once the issues occurs, because that cannot be
happening behind the doors or invisible to decision-makers in the US, like the FDA or something,
you know, other entities who could like cry out and say, hey, we have a major problem. And instead,
they're not pointing, as you said, to the oranges of the problem. And with corona, we have the same
thing. So it's a treatment with results that are becoming more and more obvious as being
dangerous, and it's not taking off the market. It's the same thing. Instead, it's maybe like,
I mean, it's now even rolled out to serve kids. I mean, you know, that's the opposite of what
you'd expect of like a responsible decision-maker in this kind of, in this very important field
of health, like to the population. I completely agree. It is possible that there could be great
benefits in the future to some of these new medical technologies. I don't discount that.
I encourage the research and development and the exploration. And if people want to
sign up for trials, by all means, as long as the right risk profile is shared with them.
However, in this case, if a proper analysis was done considering hospital protocols,
considering other ongoing concurrent epidemics, such as the drug epidemic, there would not have
been a condition to facilitate the rollout of these new pharmaceuticals in the first place.
So while discussion of their danger is absolutely warranted,
it is appropriate to ask that they really serve any benefit in the first place.
And I would suggest that the answer is no. So you can't make something safe
if it doesn't solve anything in the first place. So why doesn't the discussion just stop right
there as opposed to, well, there seems to be more myocarditis or whatever. I don't know. I haven't
done the full breakdown of the vaccine. I'm thankful for the people who have. But I would just look
at the base data. And again, why is it openly, people are openly allowed to say,
oh, this vaccine is out there to kill people. Oh, this vaccine is out there to do this, to do that,
whatever. No discussion is allowed of protocols or other ongoing epidemics.
Well, I've come, can I ask you these drugs that Mark mentioned, are these also available in
Germany, because or like in Europe, because we do, I mean, I'm not really, I don't know. But like,
I had assumed that this is not, you know, as an sort of drug epidemic, as you know, here,
compared to the US. You know, it's a great point. It varies nation to nation by a
variety, due to a variety of things. There are nations that actually have it worse than the
United States. I've heard this. I verified it last night coincidentally. Pakistan is actually
amongst the worst countries in the world. Now, I know that's a shocking number for some reason
where we are predisposed to thinking that Islamic nations perhaps that lower drug use.
Pakistan has, I think, 700 people dying a day of a drug overdose 700. I think their population
is 140 million. Someone can check that. It's up there. But 700 a day. That's that means in,
like in two weeks, they've had more deaths from that than Ebola in Africa in the last 10 years.
So why does that get no attention? Now, of course, again, because of a variety of social
challenges that Pakistan has, perhaps they have a large population of males that just don't feel
so they have much of a future. I don't know. I'm not the person to comment on that. But there are
other countries that have very, very, very low drug use. Is it now? Is it a difference because of
pharmaceutical controls? Is it culture? Is it age? I don't know why that is. Canada, in some areas of
Canada, the number of drug overdose deaths per day is almost as high as it is in the United States.
And some other areas of Canada, it's very low. Perhaps it'll be alcohol or something else.
I can't quite describe all of that. And one thing I've noticed, perhaps you've seen this as well.
Right? I know Germany has its unique characteristics of what has gone on during the pandemic and
all the things. I'm not even going to list right now. But as an American,
put forward the challenges of my country and how I see it. I am oftentimes said, well, hold on,
hold on. Portugal had this problem over here. So how can you overlook it?
I can barely get people in my own country to understand the challenges in my own country.
I'm not in a position to go over the challenges in the other 199 nations on the planet. And I know
that they're there. But what I've seen is for as an American to overlook challenges in my country
based upon how things perhaps have gone in other nations. And again, I appreciate people wanting
to look at a bigger picture. But I don't know. I mean, Portugal, for example, there is a narrative
that Portugal had a high number of COVID deaths. A lot of people show up at the hospital in this
and that and maybe I can't disprove that or prove it. But what I do know is that until the most
important problems right in front of me in my own country are solved, I can't change how I attack
the list of priorities because of what happened in that one hospital in Portugal.
So I'm not trying to be rude about it. But I think people really just need to sometimes just
look at the data right in front of them and act accordingly, supposed to being told what they
shouldn't should not focus on by everything else nor. But yes, there are other countries that have
it worse. And I think there's a variety of conditions that have led into that.
Wolfgang, you know about the German situation.
I was sorry. I just, you know, I'm asking him. I guess you know him.
By the way, thank you. It's an honor to be on a webcast with you. Thank you for all the work
you've done and for being an early voice standing up. It took several of us a while to get to the
same point because we were all predisposed to thinking different things, right? But I'm so
thankful for the work you did. And thank you for still being in this fight with us.
You know, the comparing the states how they handle the drugs is very interesting. I think
I did not do it very thoroughly. But I know that in Germany, we have a very restrictive law
that several drugs which are which make addictions that they are regulated in a special way that
doctors have to use special prescription formulas to prescribe them. And they are each formulas
registered. And so it's easy to control which doctor does it. When I was in the public health
office, there was there was some doctors who were just doing it, you nevertheless. And they were
attracting drug addicts by giving them very often those. But you can just go into the pharmacy. And
when you see, you draw, see the drawer where the drugs are. And you see the recipes all come from
one doctor. And you go to the doctor and have a talk with him. You know, and you can stop this.
So it's not so in Germany, it's easier to control. There is a black market for sure. And there are
sold which are which are smuggled and whatever. And there are falsified drugs everywhere in there.
They mix something and they say sell it very toxic stuff sometimes. But I think there are not,
there's not such a problem as it is in US. But I wanted to comment on another thing that
if there is in some hospital in Portugal, or if there is only in New York, suddenly such an amount
of people dying in April 2020 or so. Or when there is in North Italy, suddenly,
a spot where so many people die in in San Francisco, you see nothing. If there's nothing like that,
this cannot be a pandemic virus. This is very sure if there is really a pandemic virus,
which is spreading with all the airplanes with the spreading with all the traffic all over the
world, then you would not see spots where people are killed like with Minazulam in England.
You can see the prescription of this of this diatsipam of this tranquilizer. And in the same
time, you see the people dying in hospitals at the same time, in the same amount. And again,
a little bit less. And again, the prescription a little bit less. You see directly connection
between the amount of drugs prescribed in hospitals and people dying in those hospitals.
So and only in those hospitals. So, and it's I think it's a very, very, very hard data
that shows it's not that I forget about viruses and look for the other reasons.
And I'm glad you've mentioned New York City. Jessica Hockett, of course, I hope you have or
will talk with her within the United States made an observation that there was a high number of
within this month of April, 2020 in New York City, emergency medic or ambulance responses.
And people who were considered to be classified as having died in their house,
or were dead upon arrival. Hopefully I'm characterizing this right to a New York City hospital. Now,
one change that New York City made. Wasn't in that month of April, 2020.
Was I'm gonna say an order, but the very least a strong recommendation.
To be careful who an emergency response person would would revive. Because of the possibility
that reviving someone could spread the virus. Now, so there are several cases that Jessica
Hockett has found where there was like a 33 year old who was dead in their apartment.
And it's marked as a COVID death. Now, again, I can't look at every molecule that ever existed
on a planet and say there's no such thing as a COVID molecule that causes someone to just die
in their bed. However, the profile of that person looks like someone that may have been
in the midst of a drug addiction. Perhaps they were in a case where they needed an emergency response.
And they were not given whatever emergency therapy was needed to bring them back.
Because of this emergency declaration and these special ways of handling it. So,
now you have this, if you want to fuel the pandemic narrative, you have this wonderful data
of 30 year olds just dying in their apartment. Oh, it's it's COVID. And this is enough again to
create this cascade of well, it's must be even worse than we thought. Therefore, we need more
lockdowns, more emergencies. Now we need more therapeutics and vaccines and so on. But what
you said, again, I don't want to offload all responsibilities to doctors. Okay, there are
communities with the United States that have had very low levels of drug addiction. They have very
strong families, strong faith, etc. So it's not purely a doctor thing. However, and I think people
need to be aware, right? If I think most people know you don't give a four year old keys to your car,
right? There's just certain things you just know, because you can understand the risks.
But people don't realize how serious the risks can be of the addictiveness of some of these
painkillers, which have a role. But without people being involved or having the knowledge to act
appropriately, these addictions are created. So I don't want the doctors to have that much power,
but the same time, there are cases such as Germany, you see the addiction rates are much lower,
perhaps because in this case, the the extra controls are warranted.
Oh, it's a very it's a it's a big discussion to have. But again, this explains the differences
between nations. It's very interesting. The WHO has made, has said there were many pandemics
already, they had many pandemics, and they are preparing the nations now. They are
if we're doing it for some years, or if for a certain new kind of pandemic,
non diseases that cannot be transmitted to others. And how do they say non contaminating or non
infectious, contagious, infectious and infectious? Yes. And they they,
and they call it, and they they they prepare this, and they were defined with what new pandemic
from NCDs will come. And I'm curious why they did not mention up to now, it is not a topic,
this addiction. WHO doesn't speak about that, they speak about obesity, they speak about alcoholism,
they speak about cigarettes, but they don't speak about those those drugs, those painkiller
drugs. They didn't have it on their on their agenda, although it's a big elephant in the room.
There are some scientists and policy advisors who will mention it. And
are you familiar with the United States, the former director of our Centers of Disease Control,
Dr. Redfield? Have you heard of that name before? Well, he was our former director of our CDC.
He is he's been in this business for a long time. And I gave him a lot of credit for emphasizing
many times last several years. He's no longer in the role that this was one of the greatest
challenges of the United States. Okay. Now, of course, he was completely ignored by our main
news sources. But Redfield, of course, when the pandemic started, he plays a lot, right, with it
as well. I sometimes believe that there are officials who perhaps feel as though that if they
participate a little in the show, right, that maybe by staying in the role, they can help
steer attention towards other things. Maybe there may be there, it helps. Maybe,
maybe dozens, I don't know, but there are officials that have stated this. But I'll tell you what,
even if someone were to say it, it's ignored. Former US President Donald Trump has met several
times with, let's just say, an association here in that I live near that supports families that
have lost children to drug overdoses. And they found Trump to be extremely receptive to this.
Trump tried several times to pass additional legislation and was completely incapable of.
He was almost ridiculed for it. Now, the drug crisis got worse after the Trump administration.
So I'm not saying that Trump was a successful president in this. If you just look at the data,
he failed. All right. However, even his attempts to talk about it were ridiculed by mainstream
media. And to this day, they're still completely overlooked. So in the WHO,
I refuse to believe that everyone in the World Health Organization is a bad person.
I'm sure that there are other individuals of the WHO. If you look at some of the
throughout their website that highlight this, but ultimately their main message is filtered
somewhere. And the message is just not allowed to talk about this. And it's a shame. There are
health organization, their role should be to advocate health to raise awareness of health risks.
Conceptually, it could be a good thing, but they only allow people to focus on one thing.
And these vaccines have had this great discussion before. Perhaps they wouldn't have been pushed on
people if people understand the whole profile of health risks. We want to
research gene therapy, the treat cancers and tumors. That's fantastic. I support it. I'm an
engineer. I support it. But this stuff is very experimental still. It's still just a speculation
that it could ever work. But to just push it on the whole world by not allowing a full discussion
of everything, everything from engineered food, drug addictions, societal ills, family breakdowns,
all of this horrible stuff that's on the internet, et cetera, all of these things combined.
It's irresponsible. It's unfortunate. And I'm trying to have an approach to this that I would
inspire other people, as opposed to just having a pure conspiratorial approach to it. And I'm
feeling positive as time goes on, that I think we've been turning a corner. I think we're having
really good rational discussion about reflecting back on the pandemic now. Regarding what you just
said, Doctor, about the next pandemic, disease X or whatever it is. Yes, I've heard it. And
I've expected nothing less than another pandemic.
Well, so what is your take? You mentioned the Lyme disease. So what's your take on that?
To review Lyme disease, it's a very well known within North America, United States and Canada,
and other countries. It is a immune system deficiency, which seems to be cause associated with
Arthur Potter, tick-borne illnesses. And it's named after a small town in the state of Connecticut,
not too far from New York City called Lyme, old Lyme, Connecticut, where it was first discovered
in the mid 1970s. It's very easy to trace the epidemiology of this to a animal infectious
disease research facility called Plum Island, which is very, very close to there,
which I believe most likely had an accidental release of some non-native tick species,
which perhaps hosted some artificially injected bacterium. Now, early in the pandemic, I was
tricked into thinking that that was the evidence that SARS was real and SARS was from a laboratory.
It took me over a year to think more about that and realize that I was perhaps being misled.
It's still not clear to me how much of that, although I know that that illness is real.
They've seen these very, the illness itself is actually a type of bacterium called aspyracate,
which is very corkscrewed and very much similar to syphilis in many ways. In fact, in the United
States, there has been some research done and a very high percentage of people that have done
autopsies that have died of things like Alzheimer's and other long-term neurological degeneration
have had undiagnosed forms of syphilis, whether it be Lyme or something else.
So I think it is real, but the question is, is how much of this is to blame on the bacterium
how much of it is because we have weaker immune systems now than perhaps we did 20 years ago.
And I didn't really factor that in at the beginning of the pandemic, but
if these organisms, which have existed for a long time are real, I don't see how it's possible
that North America could have been inhabited by Native American country, Native American,
First Nation Americans for 10,000 years without all dying. So possibly combinations of our foods
and childhood immunizations have weakened our immune system so that while Lyme disease is a
challenge, it's not just Lyme disease. It actually speaks to our bigger weakening of our overall health.
I think we have a new image as soon as we have some new possibility of diagnosis.
There were ticks all the way in all forests everywhere.
And there were people with rheumatism, they called it rheumatism, they got nervous diseases,
but they didn't have a diagnosis. So maybe Borreliosis, how we call Lyme disease,
Borreliosis, yes. It's a very ancient disease, but it was never diagnosed because we had no
possibility to find it. Yes. We know bacteria that they are the reason for such diseases.
We know for now 100 and I don't know 50, 70 years or so, it's not so long that we have the
possibility to find those small bacteria. Now we know viruses, there's still more recent,
it's even 100 years or so, the first time someone thought of viruses, and now they're trying those
nuclei, those genetic, the molecule trying to find out the molecules, but they don't know
all the things going on in nature with all those bacteria, viruses, and what else is there,
which are all communicating, and which are there long before we thought of them. For sure, they
are there for thousands of years, and you can find them in human beings, you find the traces
in our genomes. We have contacts with all those microbeology. We were developed with them,
and now suddenly there are people who have new instruments to find something very small,
and they're very specialized on this, and they say, oh, I find something, and I'm making vaccine
against this. It's so stupid, it's so narrow-minded. The way we look at that is so narrow-minded,
and we should be much more calm with all those infectious diseases, because if it's an
infectious disease, it comes from something which is there as long as human beings are there.
In varieties, human beings change, viruses change, bacteria change, but this is a system
which is communicating with the immune system. Very some hundred years ago, it was the first
term that people from the continent, Europe, went to other continents. It's not a long time
for human history as human beings, and then there was all those contacts with the aeroplanes coming
from China, coming from everywhere, mixing all the bacteria, mixing all the viruses globally,
and we still live. There were new ones. There were hundreds of new ones we never had contact with,
which only lived in some Indonesia or in the forest or somewhere, and suddenly we had tourists
there, and we survived. Our immune system is able to get to know all this and to do something against
it. We have such a great possibility, biologically, great possibility, to adapt to all those
forms of life we meet. We need to be afraid of bacteria. They make us afraid because they want
to give us injections, money, and you know that all those dangerous infectious diseases,
they all disappeared after the World War II, but only in those countries who lived well,
who had enough to eat, have good departments, and so there were no more infectious diseases.
Suddenly they were going down exponentially, and the vaccines didn't do anything about it.
They were just a very, very small margin of all this. You almost cannot see. So living
well and don't killing each other and eating well and don't taking drugs and all this,
we know, is a good thing, but we don't have to be afraid of microbes.
Although some people die, but much, much less and less, and if people expose themselves,
if you go into a chicken farm where there are 10,000 chickens crammed together and you,
as a human being, go into them and the chicken, they have something, maybe you get ill too,
because that's just a massive contact. Or if you're doing, you have a sexual life,
which is very dangerous, where you make meat people who have a serious disease that is
transmittable, then you may get infected. Okay, but we know all this.
So don't be afraid of,
I'm not, well, I mean, in general, I think you're right, just that, and I'm not a doctor, but like,
I know people who have been very ill, like with regards to like these symptoms
of for a loser. And Mark, you mentioned your wife was also had these kind of issues. So I mean,
there seems to be something, huh? Don't deny that people get ill from that. But you know, this,
this has been before we know, knew that for a user's exist, people got ill too.
I know, but do they have these kinds of symptoms? I don't know. I mean, it's just a question we
would need to research a little bit. Or I mean, maybe you know more about it, but like, it seems to be
like many of us have seen the impacts of perhaps in Germany, there are invasive weeds or trees
that growing that are very, you know, you see them on the highway or near bridges. So clearly,
when new species of plants or organisms are introduced to an area, it takes a while to read
that, you know, to find that new equilibrium. With respect to Lyme disease, this is very well
documented as a book by Chris Newby about this. There were non native forms of syphilis,
physically being injected into ticks, which were also not native to the northeastern part of the
United States. So these are like an invasive species. Okay, it's not native. But eventually,
the environment will, you know, rediscover its equilibrium. Now, oftentimes, a treatment for
Lyme disease is aggressive use of antibiotics, various supplements. And for the most part,
most people can, you know, can, you know, remove these microorganisms from their body.
It's a fair question, though, that perhaps if we had stronger immune systems, as we might have
had 150 years ago, 200 years ago, that the body would be more capable of fighting these off.
So there's so there's many elements to it. It is nonetheless, though, a real issue. I think many
people could avoid it by just, you know, wearing your clothes a certain way when you go out into the
woods. And I think many long term cases of it could be avoided if doctors were allowed to recognize
that it's a real condition and maybe treat it initially, as opposed to saying someone's crazy
for thinking it's a real problem and then letting it go. So, Wolfgang, if I, you bring up an excellent
backstory here that this is actually an opportunity for me to share some of the, like, historical
research that I've done that I'll bring into this. Within the United States, I think worldwide,
in particular, within the United States, the events of World War I and the 1918 flu or the
Spanish flu are oftentimes used as a reason to have any level of health policy response
because it's always said that 50 million or 100 million people could die because of some new
disease, some new bacterium, et cetera. Now, within the United States, there were approximately
500,000 people that died in the year 1918 of what was identified as influenza. The US population
at the time, I think, was about 140 million people. That's a lot of people to die in one year of
influenza. And many of those people were definitely young, oftentimes 30, 35 years old, but almost all
of them, but not maybe some family members as well, were in the military. World War I was a very
unique time for military conflict. There were no helicopters and there were no army tanks in World
War I. World War I involved animals, horses, mules, the United States transported almost one million
animals across the Atlantic Ocean in World War I. In boats that had horrible ventilation conditions,
these animals were malnourished, they were stressed, they were in a high humidity environment,
and oftentimes they themselves were dying of a bacterial pneumonia that were in their lungs.
When you factor in rail transport and boat transport, a high percentage of the US deaths were related
to a really, really aggressive bacterial pneumonia that was highly correlated with US
servicemen and the transport of animals in World War I. Germany and France, to some extent, also
experienced this as well. The moment the war ended, the flu ended. So there was definitely a measurable
tragedy that happened back then. The total number of deaths worldwide were not nearly as high as
projected. In the US newspapers at the end of early 1919, it was stated that two English
servicemen who were in India saw a lot of people, a lot of other troops also struggling with
this pneumonia in 1918 in the port area. So they made a projection that the death rate of all of
India was equal to the US and England. With no evidence other than two accounts based upon a
port, which was also subject to the same conditions that we were seeing in the United States.
And very quickly, potentially 1.5 million or 2 million deaths from this pneumonia were rounded
up to being, well, it was probably 12 million worldwide. And then by 1950, well, it was probably
20 million. The current encyclopedias will say it's probably 50 to 100 million. Now, the tragedy
was real. It definitely impacted this population of people, but it has been completely mischaracterized
and overhyped to justify this, oh my goodness, any day, something could happen with a vaccine
or a Native American tribe or something and it can spread around the world. And only doctors can
save you, only the scientists. That's it. It's an end times prophecy, if you will. And it's a
ticket to do whatever, whenever. And I'm not saying that it was a hoax, but what I'm saying is that
it was a real tragedy that has been completely mischaracterized and rewritten. And very few
people are willing to to dig into this. All of this is documented. If you look at 1916, 1917
newspaper articles, it was generally, there was this thing called the shipping flu. Whereas many
is 25 to 30% of all animals that went on to a boat were dead by the time they got off of it
because of the conditions that these animals were made to reside while in transport. This is
being erased. And I think it's really important. I'm not saying to dig into history because you
want to win a trivia game. I think it's really important for our own rights and so that we know
how to properly view the direction of all the science is going to revisit and to properly
capture this information in this history. Because it's being erased. And I think, well, as we can see,
horrible things are happening because of what the erasure of this history is enabling. So I'm
glad you brought that up, Dr. Mark, do you have a giant amount of topics that we could cover with
you? And I find it very inspiring and very interesting. Would you say, is this, have we covered these
two topics? I would maybe like to re invite you at some other time to maybe talk about some
additional topic. Is there anything that you would like to share with us now in addition?
Well, I again, thank you so much. I agree with what the doctor said. You have to look at overall
health. It's I have a lot of days where I get very angry and crabby and frustrated. But it's
important to stay optimistic, harboring too much anger or bitterness is also not good for our health.
Although it does give it a little energy sometimes. It's not good for our health. I will say that
and watch Jonathan Kui's last show. I think he did a great job covering this.
In spite of what you've heard, aside from the people who are getting old and gray like me,
you, people are still the world's most valuable asset.
Not of course, it's because of the love that we bring and what we represent. But even from a
scientific standpoint, there has been this, this greed that started, I think this, this is a little
dark in World War two with a very large captive population of people that could have been used
for a variety of medical experiments. There has been this increasing greed and desire to find
ways to get more and more people effectively to be a captured audience without them knowing it.
To help advance a very, very heavily funded genomics agenda. And it has often been said
that, oh, there's just a plan to kill all the people on the planet, depopulation and so on.
Well, I'm not saying that we are adored and wanted. The unfortunate reality is that this agenda,
this genomics agenda, which potentially is about beating cancer and life extension,
cannot advance without people. It cannot advance without people. They were hoping at some point
that they could just solve everything with computers. No, you need people, you need data to collect
in order to make it even possible, maybe someday to work. And I think that there is a desire to
get us to think that somehow we're just all useless eaters and garbage. I'm not saying we're loved,
but imagine if the population of the world realized, oh, my goodness, our bodies and our sovereignty
are actually the most valuable resource on the planet. That really changes, I think, the dialogue
into a way, which perhaps we can have properly discuss. If people want to accept medical risks
to advance science, they can do it and they should receive proper compensation for this.
So stay healthy, try to focus on the positives. We're going to get through this. It may take
a long time to expose all of this. But what we all have and what our children have is,
I still think the most valuable resource. And I think there's a great attempt out to get people
to not talk about these things. And also to try to focus on the don't get baited,
don't get tricked into having the wrong arguments. There's a desire to get all of us to focus
completely on the existence of a particular molecule and what it can do. And it's impossible
to discount that. But if we just look at the bigger picture, I would state almost all of the
lives which were lost, could have been saved. If we weren't looking for it, this thing. So why
shouldn't that be the kickoff of all the conversations? So again, there's a lot of other things,
intellectual property law, it sounds boring. It's very relevant. We can get into all of that.
And another one, I would love to do that. I'm sorry, it didn't have slides for you.
I have a ton of content organized and so on. But consider this to be a representation of the fact
that I have this life, which has also been impacted by these events. So thank you for this.
Thank you very much for all the information you gave us and all the views you gave us.
And I think if I should sum it up, what you said, I have the idea to say just don't get lost in
molecules. Don't get lost in molecules. Mankind has not known much about molecules in genetics
before. It's very recent. And the world has not become better with genetic knowledge.
There has been a new way of discriminating people with their genes. Before they were
discriminated because of the skin color of their sex and all this. But now you can discriminate
people because of their genes. You can treat those with those genes different from those with
other genes. And those ones who can analyze these genes, they can just characterize and they can
just find the groups they want to discriminate. So if you have tests and if you have possibilities
of biological analysis of human being, distinguish one from the other, you can discriminate them.
And in all human rights, in all charters we have, there's always a charter against discrimination.
All different, we are all different human beings. But we are all have different or have equal
rights. And this is in every, in every law all over the world. This is the main thing that we are
human beings with our dignity. But we are all different. We have different diseases. We have
different ideas. We have, but we have to respect each other playing the same game after the same
rules, like in football, no fouls. We all have the same, we all are different, but we have the
same rights. And this is if you if you start distracting people into molecules and particles,
only some people understand those some people want to influence the rest of the world with their
knowledge. They narrative about their molecules, their view of the world. And they want to tell us
this is important. You have to be careful from the molecules. I know you don't know them. Yes.
And this is a they make business with it. And it's not important. There are more important things.
But Mark, what I also draw from the conversation with you is, you know, I mean, one thing is,
of course, that we are not ants. I mean, it's really very important. Each, each one of us is
very important. And each one of us can make the difference, you know, can, can be the tipping
points, basically, of waking up someone else or like inspiring someone else or themselves,
you know, do something that's going to be, you know, that's going to tear apart or away the green
curtain, you know, from the end. And we can then see the little dwarf behind it. But and I think
it's also, you know, one thing is so important. I think that is that we try to find the truth,
or like, at least we do not have any taboos in mind, like, you know, corners that we cannot touch
and that we really have to shine light in, in, in, in every corner. I mean, as you mentioned,
the, the opioid crisis, the, the Lyme disease and so on. I mean, there cannot be any taboos.
And I think we, I mean, it's true. Wolfgang says that we cannot be focusing on just the
topics or the, the train of thought that's been presenting to us, you know,
been presented to us. But I think it's also really important for us to have no barriers of thinking
and, and look at all the corners. And I think if we then throw together all everything that we
find out, and even if some people look at the molecules and say, Oh, there's no molecule,
or there's, there's this or that, that doesn't make any sense, you know, and even because there
need to be like people who really question in detail, because otherwise you have no basis for
maybe questioning or like the statistics and so on. But then I think it's, it's really, we,
we just have to look in every corner to, to, to find the truth or what we can at that point,
consider to be the state of knowledge, you know, and question, we have to constantly continue
questioning what's going on. And I think this is the time, because now so many people have
really like an, on a large scale, started to question everything. And yet they have not gone
crazy, all of them. And you know, it's, it's, there's, there's, I think there's even a better
life. I mean, although it's hard, but it's a better life to, to be not like blinded by whatever the
media and the narrative and so on. But really look behind the curtains. And I think we have to
continue doing that. And Mark, I'm looking forward to continuing the conversation with you.
Thank you so much. Me as well. I appreciate the opportunity.
Thanks so much. Thank you. Bye.